# Laralogger

**Laralogger** is a comprehensive logging management tool designed for Laravel applications. It provides an intuitive interface to view, manage, and analyze log files generated by your Laravel application. With Laralogger, you can easily monitor and troubleshoot your application logs.

## Features

- **View Log Files**: Browse through the log files generated by your Laravel application.
- **Filter Logs**: Apply filters to view logs by date and environment.
- **Clear Logs**: Clear log files with a single click to manage disk space.
- **Copy Log Contents**: Copy the contents of the log files to your clipboard for easy sharing or analysis.
- **Real-Time Updates**: See real-time updates of log file contents without needing to refresh the page.
- **Easy Integration**: Seamlessly integrates with Laravel's logging system.

## Prerequisites

Before setting up Laralogger, make sure you have the following:

- **Laravel Application**: Laralogger is designed for Laravel applications (version 10.* or later recommended).
- **PHP**: Version 8.1 or later.
- **Composer**: For managing PHP dependencies.

## Installation

Follow these steps to install and configure Laralogger:

1. **Clone the Repository**

   ```bash
   git clone <repository_link>
   ```
2. **Navigate to the Project Directory**
   ```bash
   cd Laralogger
   ```
3. **Install Dependencies**
   ```bash
   composer install
   ```
4. **Generate Application Key**
   ```bash
   php artisan key:generate
   ```
5. **Run Migrations (if applicable)**
   ```bash
   php artisan migrate
   ```
6. **Redirect to Landing Page**
   ```bash
   http://localhost:8000/
   ```
   or
   ```bash
   http://127.0.0.1:8000/
   ```
7. **Enjoy!**

## Contact
For questions or support, please contact:
* Email: joshuayaacoub33@gmail.com
* LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/joshua-maurice-yaacoub/

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please submit a pull request or open an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/yourusername/laralogger).

## License

Laralogger is open-source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
